h1. htile

@htile@ is a bash script that makes possible to easily tile windows
in the GNOME desktop environment. The currently selected window is resized
and re-positioned to occupy either the top, bottom, left, right half;
or one of the four quarters of your screen.

Placing considers automatically your screen resolution as well as the size
of the GNOME panels you may have placed on the different sides of your desktop.

h2. Pre-requisites

@htile@ requires the @wmctrl@ utility. This tool is generally available as
package on the repositories of your distribution of choice. For instance
Debian GNU/Linux or Ubuntu users can install it by typing @apt-get install wmctrl@
as superuser from their terminal.

h2. Usage

<pre>
usage: htile [-h] [-v] -m (up|down|left|right|up-left|down-left|up-right|down-right)
  -h    : prints this help message
  -v    : enable verbose mode
  -m    : the movement command
</pre>

h2. Keyboard shortcuts

@htile@ is designed to be available in your path and to be called by keyboard
shortcut. This mimics utilities like "SizeUp":http://www.irradiatedsoftware.com/sizeup/
available for Max OS X.

Once @htile@ directory is in your @$PATH@ variable, you can go to
@System -> Preferences -> Keyboard shortcuts@ in the GNOME menu and add
a shortcut for the different move commands.

Here are examples, based on "SizeUp":http://www.irradiatedsoftware.com/sizeup/
defaults :

<pre>
    htile -m left       CTRL + ALT + left
    htile -m right      CTRL + ALT + right
    htile -m up         CTRL + ALT + up
    htile -m down       CTRL + ALT + down
    
    htile -m up-left    CTRL + SHIFT + ALT + left
    htile -m up-right   CTRL + SHIFT + ALT + up
    htile -m down-left  CTRL + SHIFT + ALT + down
    htile -m down-right CTRL + SHIFT + ALT + right
</pre>

h2. License

@iPhoto-cleaner@ is licensed under the "GPL v.3":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/
license. See previous link or @gpl-3.0.txt@ for further details.